feat(genapi): update faq cockpit and performance (#5773)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/faq.mdx

You can see your token consumption in [Scaleway Cockpit](https://console.scaleway.com/cockpit/). You can access it from the Scaleway console under the [Metrics tab](https://console.scaleway.com/generative-api/metrics).
Note that:
- Cockpits are isolated by Projects. You first need to select the right Project in the Scaleway console before accessing Cockpit to see your token consumption for the desired Project (you can see the `project_id` in the Cockpit URL: `https://{project_id}.dashboard.obs.fr-par.scw.cloud/`).
- Cockpit graphs can take up to 5 minutes to update token consumption. See [Troubleshooting](/generative-apis/troubleshooting/fixing-common-issues/#tokens-consumption-is-not-displayed-in-cockpit-metrics) for further details.

## Specifications

### What are the SLAs applicable to Generative APIs?
Generative APIs targets a 99.9% monthly availability rate detailed in [Service Level Agreement for Generative APIs](https://www.scaleway.com/en/generative-apis/sla/).

### What are the performance guarantees (vs Managed Inference)?

> Generative APIs is optimized and monitored to provide reliable performance in most use cases but does not strictly guarantee performance as it depends on many client-side parameters. We recommend using Managed Inference (dedicated deployment capacity) for applications with critical performance requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generative APIs is optimized and monitored to provide reliable performance in most use cases, but does not strictly guarantee performance as it depends on many client-side parameters. We recommend using Managed Inference (dedicated deployment capacity) for applications with critical performance requirements.
```

As an order of magnitude, for Chat models, when performing request with `stream` activated: 
- time to first token should be less than `1` second for most standard queries (with less than 1000 input tokens)
- output tokens generation speed should be above `100` tokens per second for recent small to medium size models (such as `gpt-oss-120b` or `mistral-small-3.2-24b-instruct-2506`)

Exact performance will still vary based on these main factors:
- Model size and architecture: Smaller and more recent models usually provide better performance.
- Model type: 
  - Chat models time to first token increase proportionally to the input context size after a certain threshold (usually above `1 000` tokens).

>   - Audio transcription models time to first token remains mostly constant, as they only need to process small number of input tokens (`30` seconds audio chunk) to generate a first output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Audio transcription models' time to first token remains mostly constant, as they only need to process small numbers of input tokens (`30` seconds audio chunk) to generate a first output.
```
